They say that the best way to learn something is to teach it.  I agree!  And I love teaching!  

I have been teaching with Varsity Tutors since the early Fall of 2021.  It has been a great experience and has led to be branching out and teaching on my own 
(preferred) as well as with Varsity Tutors.  I have been lucky enough to have successful students in CompTIA ITF+, Network+, Security+ and CASP+!

This experience has forced me to create my own labs and teaching material as well as branch out from the theortetical to the practical.  The CompTIA certifications are
a great primer for displaying an ability to focus and study, but they are only the first step in being a practitioner.  

I have been lucky enough to have wonderfully dedicated students and to have recieved only positive feedback.  Below are a few of the Reviews I have recieved through
Varsity Tutors:

"Jeremiah breaks down material in a digestible and comprehensive way."
- Aysha Sweilem, 9/29/2021

"I feel much more confident taking my exam now versus when I first started these sessions.  Thank you Jeremiah!"
- Aysha Sweilem, 10/5/2021

"Great attitude and I feel confident that I can pass my exam knowing that I have Jeremiah as my new tutor.  Thank you for matching me with him!"
- Malaysha White, 11/7/2021

"I passed the CompTIA Secuirty+ exam largely because of Jeremiah's broad and robust cybersecurity knowledge.  In addition, Jeremiah custom tailored his curriculum to
suit my needs as a student starting in the cybersecurity landscape.  I could not be happier with a tutor like him as he took me to the next level"
- Shmuel Johnson, 1/13/2022

"Thank you Jeremiah for believing in me and working with me to improve my weak areas for CompTIA Security+. I'm still in shock that I passed my exam!! I know that
this wouldn't be possible without all of your help! You exceeded all of my expectations for a tutor and I look forward to working with you in the future! Again,
thank you for always answering my questions and even being available for a quick call/ text/email just days before my exam! You are literally the best!!! Thank you
thank you thank you, I just can't thank you enough!!!"
- Malaysha White, 1/23/2022

"Jeremiah did a great job on our tutoring session! I was really surprised that Varsity Tutors was able to come up with a person that knew the exact material I was
looking to learn. He gave me the exact tools and information to use in order to pass my certification. As a direct result, I was able to pass the CASP+ 004
certification."
- James Steel, 2/21/2022

"Could not have been given a better tutor than Jeremiah, he is top of the line."
- Shmuel Johnson, 3/15/2022
